{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\uc0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil Sans;}
}
{\colortbl
;
}
{\*\generator Inform 7 6M62}
{\info {\author .}{\company .}{\title .}
{\creatim\yr2019\mo12\dy21\hr22\min30}}
\deflang1033\plain\widowctrl\hyphauto
{\pard\plain {- LOTS of default responses need fixing\par }}
{\pard\plain {-- climbing/entering stuff\par }}
{\pard\plain {-- getting on/off purrl\par }}
{\pard\plain {-- x me (which seems to have been fucked up by
 Remembering?)\par }}
{\pard\plain {-- purrl following you around\par }}
{\pard\plain {-- various conversation with purrl\par }}
{\pard\plain {-- attack, kiss, other oddball stuff\par }}
{\pard\plain {-- KICK LAUNDRY\par }}
{\pard\plain {- inventory management\par }}
{\pard\plain {-- can't enter while holding something, BUT can
 move from one platform to an adjacent one\par }}
{\pard\plain {- room description is a mess\par }}
{\pard\plain {- looking after getting down off a thing seems
 silly\par }}
{\pard\plain {- random actions from purrl\par }}
{\pard\plain {- illustrations??\par }}
{\pard\plain {- hints: look under stuff, search, talking/persuading
 purrl\par }}
{\pard\plain {- inventory: maybe picking something up drops whatever
 you're holding first?\par }}
{\pard\plain {- inventory: can't touch things (but less generally
 than accessibility) if hands are full? \par }}
{\pard\plain {- get some shop hints from purrl?\par }}
{\pard\plain {- generic response for pushing things when they're
 on platforms\par }}
{\pard\plain {- purrl gets tired of you being on top of her after
 like 3 turns\par }}
{\pard\plain {- "purrl arrives from the closet door" -- should
 she even carry you like this lol\par }}
{\pard\plain {- scoring: destroying things\par }}
{\pard\plain {- five senses\par }}
{\pard\plain {- DOWN to get off purrl iff we're on the floor\par
}}
{\pard\plain {- UP should give a hint\par }}
{\pard\plain {- LEAVE from on purrl should be an order to her?\par
}}
{\pard\plain {- LEAVE in the closet should go to the bedroom\par
}}
{\pard\plain {- "go to closet" on purrl doesn't seem to update
 the location correctly, i think because i "entered" the closet
 door /on purrl/ and then she tried to copy me?\par }}
{\pard\plain {- shouldn't be able to mess with stuff generally,
 when on purrl?\par }}
{\pard\plain {- react to WEAR something when appropriate\par
}}
{\pard\plain {- PUSH BOX TO BEDROOM should work\par }}
{\pard\plain {- prevent PUT X ON Y for platforms\par }}
{\pard\plain {- ask purrl for help\par }}
{\pard\plain {- CLIMB ON WORKBENCH doesn't report that you did
 anything OR show a desc of the workbench\par }}
{\pard\plain {- PUSH BOX INTO SHOP?\par }}
{\pard\plain {- give a point for every single thing you knock
 down from its original position\par }}
{\pard\plain {- "as the parser" has no styling\par }}
{\pard\plain {- opa did STACK CUBES\par }}
{\pard\plain {- opa did EAT CACTUS (also, GET YE FLASK)\par }}
{\pard\plain {- opa did PURR, HISS, WHINE\par }}
{\pard\plain {- really should implement FIGHT\par }}
{\pard\plain {- opa did NAP ON PURRL\par }}
{\pard\plain {- opa did SHOW STAR TO PURRL\par }}
{\pard\plain {- ASK PURRL FOR HELP, oddly, just does HELP\par
}}
{\pard\plain {- opa did ASK EEVEE FOR HINTS\par }}
{\pard\plain {- ASK PURRL FOR BOOST?\par }}
{\pard\plain {- LOOK IN CLOSET > "you find nothing of interest"
 lol whoops\par }}
{\pard\plain {- CLIMB DOWN didn't work\par }}
{\pard\plain {- can't CLIMB IN BOX even though the desc says
 it's good\par }}
{\pard\plain {- PUSH BOX OUT doesn't work\par }}
{\pard\plain {- EXIT is a bit wonky, takes you between bedroom/closet\par
}}
{\pard\plain {- TAKE CUBE should prefer the one in the slot\par
}}
{\pard\plain {- dropping things whilst on purrl shouldn't put
 them on her\par }}
{\pard\plain {- shouldn't be able to take things from the floor
 while on purrl\par }}
{\pard\plain {- make sure examining a platform from the floor
 comments on how you can't see what's on it\par }}
}